Update your_first_game.rst  This makes explicit where each of the 2 pieces of code needs to go otherwise when you try to run the game it won't run. (#3880)
godotengine/godot-docs: getting_started/step_by_step/your_first_game.rst

a new function named ``game_over``, which will handle what needs to happen when
a game ends.
Type "game_over" in the "Receiver Method" box at the bottom of the

> signal connection dialog and click "Connect". Replace the new functions'
> placeholder code with the folling code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
signal connection dialog and click "Connect". Replace the new function's
placeholder code with the following code.
```

        GetNode<Timer>("ScoreTimer").Stop();
    }

    

Now, connect the ``timeout()`` signal of each of the Timer nodes (``StartTimer``,
``ScoreTimer`` , and ``MobTimer``) to the main script. ``StartTimer`` will start

> the other two timers. ``ScoreTimer`` will increment the score by 1. Lastly, also
> in the main script we add code to run a new instance of the game.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the other two timers. ``ScoreTimer`` will increment the score by 1. Lastly, 
in the main script we add code to run a new instance of the game.
```
